Provide more error-cause examples (#16733)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/error/cause/index.md

This is the value that was passed to the [`Error()` constructor](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error/Error) in the `options.cause` argument.

> The value can be of any type. You should not make assumptions that the error you caught has an `Error` as its `cause`, in the same way that you cannot be sure the variable bound in the `catch` statement is an `Error` either. The "Providing structured data as the error cause" example below shows a case where a non-error is deliberately provided as cause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value can be of any type. You should not make assumptions that the error you caught has an `Error` as its `cause`, in the same way that you cannot be sure the variable bound in the `catch` statement is an `Error` either. The "Providing structured data as the error cause" example below shows a case where a non-error is deliberately provided as the cause.
```

In this case you should pass the original error into the constructor for the new `Error`, as shown.

```js
try {
  connectToDatabase();
} catch (err) {
  throw new Error('Connecting to database failed.', { cause: err });
}
```

For a more detailed example see [Error > Differentiate between similar errors](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error#differentiate_between_similar_errors).

> ### Providing structured data as the error cause

Reviewer 2: I don't think this section is right and needed. 
You are changing the semantics of the `cause`. The `cause` is coming from or is similar to Java's `public Error​(Throwable cause)`. It is used to preserve suppressed errors and not to piggyback additional data to an error.

This is how it's being portrayed on MDN and on this same page:
> It is used when catching and re-throwing an error with a more-specific or useful error message in order to still have access to the the original error.

***
If we want to add additional data to the error then the proper way is to extend the Error object:
```js
class RSAError extends Error {
   constructor(message, extrainfo){
      super(message);
      this.extrainfo = extrainfo;
.  }
}
```

@wbamberg WDYT?

Author: This has been mentioned in the proposal and subsequent discussions about type definitions.

- https://es.discourse.group/t/interpolating-objects-in-error-messages-e-g-like-console-error/822/2
- https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/pull/59354#issuecomment-1073076075
- https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/issues/48098#issuecomment-1058914720

Reviewer 2: It's only the discourse discussion comment suggests such use.
The proposal title is "Chaining Errors". Adding extra data to the error itself is not chaining.

Author: "Chaining errors" is a subheading, though. Jordan also said in that DT thread that

> an error with a cause of null might have been caused by trying to access a property off of null, for example.

If we can find relevant TC39 notes it would be great, but it doesn't seem like there's explicit acknowledgement in any issue thread or meeting note whether this use-case is following the designed semantic. I'd say it is.

> Since error messages are written for human consumption, they are usually seen as unstable and inappropriate for machine parsing. When throwing an error from a function, you can provide its cause as structured data for algorithms to handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error messages written for human consumption may be inappropriate for machine parsing — since they’re subject to rewording or punctuation changes that may break any existing parsing written to consume them. So when throwing an error from a function, as an alternative to a human-readable error message, you can instead provide the cause as structured data, for machine parsing.
```
